Our project is for the BCIT Center for Internet of Things. In our group we have Brandon, Jashan, Sina, Hillary, Monte, Leeane, Sarah, Vince, and Darcy.

Internet of Things refers to a network of physical devices with sensors, software, and connectivity that enable them to collect and exchange data over the internet. For this project, we're going to be creating a dashboard to view data collected from our network of sensors. A sensor is a device that detects and measures a physical quantity or conditions from the environment and converts it to data. Some example of sensors are things like temperature, humidity, or light sensors. We're planning on using Bevywise IoT Simulator to create a simulated network of sensors for our software development.  We're going to make a system where the sensors will collect and send data to the MQTT broker and  then to our dashboard. An MQTT broker acts as middle man that facilitates communication between devices in a network. It will route messages from our sensors over to our local and cloud databases which we will use for our dashboard. We plan for our dashboard to show both real time information and some minor analytics using graphs. Say for example, you're monitoring a thermomotor inside your server room to make sure its cool enough. With our dashboard, you'd be able to see the current temperature  as well as previous temperature in the last few hours to know if there's any concerning trends. As you can see by our diagram, this is how we're planning on having everything connected. The main features that we want to have completed as part of our MVP are data collection, data monitoring, data visualization, data storage, and basic alerts. 