
| Traditional          | Agile                          |
| -------------------- | ------------------------------ |
| preliminary analysis | evaluation and prioritization  |
| system analysis      | detailed requirements          |
| system design        | deisgn and analysis            |
| programming          | implementation and dev testing |
| testing              | QA and acceptance test         |
| implementation       | deployment                     |
| maintenance          | evaluation and prioritization  |

### Class Topics
- week 1 - intro to business and systems analysis design
- week 2 - analyzing business case
- week 3 - requirements modeling
- week 4 -  managing systems implementation 
- week 5 - managing systems projects
- week 6 - agile software development

### Clarifications
- business analysis 
	- the practice of enabling change in an organization by defining needs and recommending solutions that delivery value to stakeholders
- SDLC
	- structured approach to analyzing, designing, building, and implementing information systems in an organization
- ROI - return on investment
	- directly measuring the financial benefit of a particular investment, relative to the investments cost 
- TCO - Total cost of ownership 
	- the purchase price of a particular asset, plus operating costs over the asset's lifespan 

### week 1 questions
- what is the point of "business systems analysis"
	- enabling change in an organization and trying to add value
- what are information systems?
	- information systems are componentized with five major components: hardware, software, data, people, and processes
	- These components collect, store, organize, and distribute data throughout the organization
- what is the SDLC?
- what initiates the first step in the SDLC?
- what does the SDLC output?
- what does the term "production" mean in the context of information systems?
	- when the product is being used in day to day operations
	- when it is "live"; being used 
	- does not actually mean it is being produced
- what is a Cost Benefit Analysis
	- calculating and comparing the costs to the benefits 

### Week 2 questions
- what is the "top line"?
	- revenue
		- money generated by selling products and or services
- what is the "bottom line"?
	- profits
		- revenue minus the expenses 
- what is an "investment"?
	- spending money on something hoping to gain some kind of economic benefit from it 
	- an asset or item acquired with the goal of generating income or appreciation
- what are "assets"?
	- significant pieces of property such as homes, cars, investment properties, stocks, bonds, and even collectibles or art, and information systems
- what kind of assets are we interesting in?
	- information systems

### week 3 questions
- what are requirements, generally?
- what are functional requirements?
	- the "what"
	- what the application does for the users that use it
	- specific capabilities that the application has
- what are non functional requirements 
	- the "how"
	- operational performance parameters
	- how the application behaves 
	- reliability, performance, supportability from FURPS are non functional 
- does "non functional" mean the same as "not important"
	- no it is not the same 
	- non functional requirements are still important 
- how are requirements connected to each phase of the SDLC
- what is "scalability"? how does scalability relate to requirements
	- for information systems, their ability to scale to an increase in business volume (or demands) 

### Week 4 system changeover and implementation methods
- what is direct cutover?
	- completely changing from the old (legacy) information system to the new system all at once 
	- high risk, lowest cost
- what is parallel operation?
	- both legacy and and new systems running at the same time
	- low risk, highest cost  
- what is pilot operation?
	- a test of the new system to a small group of people/users first to get feedback
	- low risk, high cost 
- what is phased operation?
	- adding the changes one by one to the users 
- how do these methods deal with risk and cost?
	- risks and costs to the company 
- are "linear" and "agile" implementation methods?
	- they are not implementation methods
	- the implementation methods are just how we deploy the system to production 

### Week 5 managing systems projects
- what is the iron triangle?
	- time, scope, budget
- what does the iron triangle tell us about projects?
	- if you change one thing, it will affect the others
	- you need to balance the triangle 
- what is a project?
	- discrete beginning, end, and unique outcome\
- what is the "critical path"?
- what is "scope creep"?
	- uncontrolled growth in the project scope
	- very likely to happen
	- it is a problem because it affects the iron triangle 
- what makes a linear project approach "rigid"? why is it a problem?
	- the steps are interdependent on each other. you have to finish one step before going onto the next 
	- they are rigid because you can't to back to make changes based on feedback once you've moved onto the next phase

### week 6 agile and scrum
- how does an agile approach using scrum mitigate the risk of scope creep?
	- you can't add anything to the scope until the end of the sprint
- what is time boxing 
	- a set amount of time to complete a task or tasks
	- so in agile you would timebox a sprint
- what does each scrum produce?
- when does a scrum based project end?
	- when you run out of scope or time or money 

### select key terms
